README.md, before:

# Sidekiq::Pool

[![Gem](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/sidekiq-pool.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/sidekiq-pool)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vinted/sidekiq-pool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vinted/sidekiq-pool)

Allows Sidekiq using more CPU cores on Ruby MRI by forking multiple processes.
Also adds an option to use different command line option workers in the same pool.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq-pool'
```

Create a config file and specify it's path with the *p* command line option (the default is config/sidekiq-pool.yml)

Paste the following config and modify it to your needs:

```yaml
:working_directory: /path/to/working/direcory # optional, needed if HUP reload is used with symlink
:workers:
  -
    :command: '-q default -q high'
    :amount: 2
  -
    :command: '-q high -L high_logfile.txt'
    :amount: 1
```

## Usage

Help

    $ bundle exec sidekiq-pool -h

Start pool with a non-default path config

    $ bundle exec sidekiq-pool -p config/pool_config.yml

## Signals

Signals `USR1`, `USR2` are forwarded to the children.

Signal `HUP` to parent starts new children and then stops old.

When using symlinked working directory `working_directory` configuration
option must be used to pick up new code.

## After fork

You may want to execute code after process has been forked. It can be done by registering after_fork hook like this
```ruby
require 'sidekiq/pool'
Sidekiq::Pool.after_fork do
  # run code here
end
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/vinted/sidekiq-pool.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Adding TSTP to the list of signals sent to clients
Starting with Sidekiq version 5, TSTP, not USR1 is the signal that needs to be sent to the children to notify them about impeding shutdown.

Also adding .idea/ folder used by RubyMine to the list of git-ignored files.

README.md, after:

# Sidekiq::Pool

[![Gem](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/sidekiq-pool.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/sidekiq-pool)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vinted/sidekiq-pool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vinted/sidekiq-pool)

Allows Sidekiq using more CPU cores on Ruby MRI by forking multiple processes.
Also adds an option to use different command line option workers in the same pool.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq-pool'
```

Create a config file and specify it's path with the *p* command line option (the default is config/sidekiq-pool.yml)

Paste the following config and modify it to your needs:

```yaml
:working_directory: /path/to/working/direcory # optional, needed if HUP reload is used with symlink
:workers:
  -
    :command: '-q default -q high'
    :amount: 2
  -
    :command: '-q high -L high_logfile.txt'
    :amount: 1
```

## Usage

Help

    $ bundle exec sidekiq-pool -h

Start pool with a non-default path config

    $ bundle exec sidekiq-pool -p config/pool_config.yml

## Signals

Signals `USR1`, `USR2`, and `TSTP` are forwarded to the children. Depending on the version of Sidekiq, you may need to send `USR1` or `TSTP` to prepare it for shutdown. For more information, please read [signals and sidekiq](https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq/wiki/Signals) documentation.

Signal `HUP` to parent starts new children and then stops old.

When using symlinked working directory `working_directory` configuration
option must be used to pick up new code.

## After fork

You may want to execute code after process has been forked. It can be done by registering after_fork hook like this
```ruby
require 'sidekiq/pool'
Sidekiq::Pool.after_fork do
  # run code here
end
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/vinted/sidekiq-pool.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
